# Design Documentation {#design-documentation-1}

## User Requirements:

-   modern and engaging design

-   help improve the brand awareness of the company

-   provide potential customers with information about:

    -   the company

    -   the services offered

    -   general help and advice on security

-   allow customers to contact the company to ask for further
    information

-   an adaptive layout for users accessing with either mobile or desktop
    browsers

-   accessibility features to enable a wide range of users to use the
    site easily.

## Identification of User Requirements:

-   **Modern and Engaging Design**: The website design should be modern,
    visually appealing, and engaging to capture the attention of
    visitors.

-   [**Brand Awareness**](#sources-and-references): The website should
    help improve the brand awareness of Berimbolo Security by showcasing
    its services, expertise, and unique selling points. High brand
    awareness can lead to a brand being 'on top of mind' when the
    consumer thinks about security products and services. Brand
    awareness is crucial because it sets the tone for a person's entire
    experience with your brand. It creates a community that generates
    word-of-mouth buzz. As your brand awareness strategy matures, you'll
    find that the most effective awareness drivers come from your
    fans.This can be satisfied in the about page.

-   **Information Accessibility**: Potential customers should easily
    access information about the company, the services offered, and
    general security advice. This can be satisfied in the about page and
    the plans and in FAQs sections in the homepage.

-   **Contact Option**: Customers should have a clear option to contact
    the company for further inquiries or assistance. This can be
    satisfied in the contact page.

-   **Adaptive Layout**: The website should have an adaptive layout to
    ensure seamless user experience across various devices, including
    desktops, tablets, and smartphones. This can be satisfied by using
    responsive design principles and utilizing tailwind responsive
    features in addition to media queries and the power of vanilla css.

-   **Accessibility Features**: Accessibility features should be
    incorporated to ensure that users with disabilities can easily
    navigate and use the website. This will be achieved through using
    alt attributes on images and adding some additional accessibility
    features.

## Visual Designs for the Pages:

The website will include:

### Homepage:

The homepage will have a modern and engaging design with a UI.

#### Hero section

Will showcase the services offered by the company such as security risk
assessments, sale and installation of security systems, maintenance, and
monitoring services.

![](media/image1.png){width="6.5in" height="2.740972222222222in"}

#### Pricing and Plans

This section of the website displays the different security packages
offered by Berimbolo Security, including Basic, Standard, and Deluxe
plans. Each plan is clearly outlined with its respective features and
pricing, making it easy for potential customers to compare and select
the option that best suits their needs. Each plan has a clear
call-to-action button labeled \"**SUBSCRIBE**\" to facilitate easy
sign-up for users. This section also includes a toggle between
\"**Presets**\" and \"**Custom**\" to cater to users who may want to
customize their security solutions. The overall design is clean and
modern, ensuring the information is accessible and engaging for users.

![](media/image2.png){width="6.5in" height="3.529166666666667in"}

#### FAQs

Contains some frequently asked questions that cover a range of topics
related to general help and advice on security, providing valuable
information for individuals and businesses looking to enhance their
security measures.

![](media/image3.png){width="6.5in" height="3.376388888888889in"}

![](media/image4.png){width="6.5in" height="3.19375in"}

### Navigation bar {#navigation-bar-1}

A clear navbar that will include links to the Homepage, About Us page,
and Contact Us page.

![](media/image5.png){width="6.5in" height="0.48333333333333334in"}

### About Page:

This page will detail the services offered by Berimbolo Security. Each
service mentioned in the hero section will have a dedicated section with
a detailed description and related images in the about page.

#### Services Offered

Contains information about each service and provides the user with a
picture representing the service.

![](media/image6.png){width="6.5in" height="3.859027777777778in"}

#### Call to Action Buttons

CTA Buttons encouraging visitors to contact the company or request a
custom plan.

![](media/image7.png){width="6.5in" height="3.7840277777777778in"}

### Footer

The footer will provide easy navigation to the homepage via a link and
display a copyright notice, ensuring brand visibility and legal
protection.

![](media/image8.png){width="6.5in" height="0.4270833333333333in"}

### Contact Page

This page will have a contact form for customers to request more
information or schedule an assessment and planning meeting for custom
security systems. Containing fields for name, email, and the message. It
will also include the company's contact information such as company's
address, phone number, and email address.

![](media/image9.png){width="6.5in" height="3.157638888888889in"}

## Alternative Design Options:

1.  **Video Background**: Implement a video background on the homepage
    showcasing the company's services and team in action, similar to
    [**Vivint**](https://www.vivint.com/)'s website.

2.  **Interactive Security Quiz**: An interactive quiz could be added to
    help users determine the best security system for their needs,
    similar to [**ADT**](https://www.adt.com/quiz)'s website.

3.  **Live Chat Support**: Integrate a live chat feature to provide
    real-time assistance to website visitors, similar to
    [**Vivint**](https://www.vivint.com/)'s and
    [**ADT**](https://www.adt.com/)'s website.

4.  **Light Mode:** Considering the preferences of some users for a
    brighter and more traditional look, an alternative light theme could
    be developed for the website. It's a good option for users who find
    dark themes to be harder on their eyes.

## Technical documentation:

The website will be developed using responsive design principles - using
media queries - to ensure it displays correctly on various devices. It
will also include accessibility features to enable a wide range of users
to use the site easily.

-   **Development**: The website will be developed using
    [**React**](https://react.dev/) for the frontend, with [**Tailwind
    CSS**](https://tailwindcss.com/) for styling and
    [**Vite**](https://vitejs.dev/) asset bundling. This website will
    have no backend (frontend only) and will be hosted on [**Github
    Pages**](https://pages.github.com/) for free.

-   **Responsiveness**: The website will be responsive, using [**media
    queries**](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_media_queries)
    to ensure proper display on various devices.

-   **Accessibility**: Accessibility features will be incorporated, such
    as alt [**‚Åµ**](#sources-and-references) text for images, sufficient
    color contrast, and keyboard-friendly navigation.

-   **Optimized Performance**: Optimize website speed and performance by
    minimizing file sizes, leveraging browser caching, and utilizing
    content delivery networks (CDNs) and local package installation
    minimizing the website bundle using the power of vite and
    [**SWC**](https://swc.rs/)
    [**plugin**](https://vitejs.dev/plugins/#vitejs-plugin-react-swc)
    for faster compilation.

-   **Cross-Browser Compatibility**: Test the website on various
    browsers (Chrome, Firefox, Edge) to ensure consistent performance.

-   **Cross-Device Compatibility**: Test the website on various devices
    (laptop, phone, tablet) to ensure consistent performance.

## conclusion:

These were the initial designs and can be refined based on feedback from
the owners of Berimbolo Security. The actual development of the website
would involve further steps such as creating wireframes, choosing a
color palette, selecting typography, and more. The website should also
be tested on various devices and browsers to ensure compatibility and
responsiveness. These designs aim to meet the initial website
requirements provided, taking into account the insights gained from the
comparison of the ADT and Vivint websites. The focus is on creating a
user-friendly, informative, and engaging website that can effectively
promote Berimbolo Security's services and products. The alternative
design options provide additional ways to enhance the user experience
and meet the diverse needs of the website's visitors. The technical
documentation outlines the technologies and strategies that will be used
in the development of the website.

## Sources and References:

(1) What Is Brand Awareness? Definition, How It Works, and Strategies.
    <https://www.investopedia.com/terms/b/brandawareness.asp>

(2) Brand awareness: What it is and strategies to improve it.
    [https://sproutsocial.com/insights/brand-awareness/](https://www.investopedia.com/terms/b/brandawareness.asp)

(3) Brand awareness - Wikipedia.
    <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brand_awareness>

(4) What is Brand awareness? A definition \| Glossary - Bynder.
    <https://www.bynder.com/en/glossary/brand-awareness/>

(5) The alt attribute holds a textual replacement for the image, which
    is mandatory and incredibly useful for accessibility --- screen
    readers read the attribute value out to their users so they know
    what the image means. Alt text is also displayed on the page if the
    image can't be loaded for some reason: for example, network errors,
    content blocking, or link rot.
    <https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/img>
